welcome to an episode of UOB today we're
going to be unboxing a limited edition
pc to game school idol paradise other
places you need a cuddle come I game so
this is a limit edition on school idol
paradise this is volume 1 of the limited
edition collection pleasure to know
though actually three volumes made for
this game so yes there are three
different versions on this game Three
Nuns editions ah finally gonna make sure
you know the traditions I don't know but
it pisses me off that they did serve or
do anything let's take off the plastic
the blade you probably don't even need
the plane let me put away we're gonna
just pull it off yeah good jump and
slide it out massive a way to remove the
plastic the front of the game the top
the side the bottom the other side and
the back and the top left corner and the
top right corner and the bottom left
corner and the bottom right corner and
the back corner and the other back
corner at the bottom back corner and the
other box of that corner LOL his books
and she's pretty light it's not her at
every some cases just the game and is
three figurines inside probably nothing
else like I said there are three
different versions of this limited
edition difference in the packages is
you getting different little figurines
and i believe the music is different in
the game itself in allston characters
but it's probably basically the same
game different music and different
characters but otherwise the same there
are three different
oceans did I buy together too perhaps
you will have to subscribe to find out
maybe tomorrow they won't be more longer
huh okay so let's open this up an
opening cool rule again Wow don't give
me all the 3 different versions one two
three three versions you can see I got
this version which is the middle one
part on the box open three hots and
three girls at the joffrey heart and
three girls the ball to end the game
take up the game drop and go now we got
some cardboard call board it can be bent
can become bigger the figurines in black
and white that's not coming out she's
like stuck in it and nothing else in the
box so we have the box the figurines and
the game title figurines the front of
the box the back of the bar side one of
the box site two of the box side three
sigh for and the corner okay and the
other corner okay and one more corner
haha this message so we need the bridge
there we go take a look the plastic I
think like small and some instruction
the instruction spot for the three
figurines haha
whoa three different stands three
different figurines whoa can you ring
one figurine two went out and figure in
30 what now oh no you don't want be too
flashy to what I found it's a pleasure
to take the plastic on so it'll take
basic away on there we go plastic away
and on there we go it's done digger
ringing what understand so much trouble
and everything comes on 15 for multiple
times or try to the stand and probably I
doesn't say which ones for which ah ah
ah dad oh my word it's unbelievable
there we go two of them done ah crying
out this summer so we can crazy go all
right so then we go all three figurines
on there stands all set up lots of
trouble to put them together Twitter
here comes out and everything again the
plastic of our my word but pretty cool
ready awesome basically this limited
edition comes with the game and three
figurines and that is in it for
pre-ordering I got this telephone card
plus the downloadable content den boom
will be coming very soon for this game
so stay tuned don't forget to subscribe
comment and
you should quiet don't forget to
subscribe don't forget to hit that like
button you heard y'all forget to
subscribe cuz i pre-ordered this game I
also got this telephone card this is a
real telephone cord and actually does
work I also got this downloadable
content which is a costume for the
characters